Take him away
If you catch it after an hour, you will be convicted
I'm convinced, I'm really convinced by Zhang Deshuai
What's the point of you?
You are fucking like a foreigner
I said it long ago, but you don't believe it.
Take him away for five days
Ghosts won't let you go
Humph Commander
We won
Long live Commander Wu
You can defeat 100,000 army alone
Still have factories in the West
More majestic than the grand marshal
Are you going to draw a dragon in 5 days?
Do you want a little punishment?
5 Days
punishment
Do you have the strength?
Pass the order down
Wu Tian succeeds the marshal
Be on an equal footing with me in the future
Yes
Wife
How's it going?
Don't worry, sir
mother and child are safe
Still a boy?
Hurry up and hug
Good son
Call daddy
Since grandpa is a boy
Why don't you give him a name?
I'm not very good at names
Xiaoting, you should pick it up.
Grandpa, everyone calls you Marshal Tianbao
Otherwise, call him Xiao Tianbao, Xiao Tianbao
Yes, you will be called Wu Tianwang from now on
Grandpa